Now let's add the same set of tests for the chest pass.
So opening the sign up component just as and just like having the new described look for.
The validations in the karma.
I will do the same thing here, having the validation and
I'm just going to copy the tests from the karma part.
I don't want to make a typo here.
So just commenting about this one and the next one in this one, we are having this set up right here,
which is rendering the component.
So we will do that.
We will use that we are going set up and let's make sure that this are async here.
Same in the next one as well.
Now we are going to look for a message and in testing library we are able to query the elements based
on the text content we are looking for.
So let's make sure we have this message as a variable here and let's just copy the message.
Username is required before we do anything.
We are going to create this text.
It's not going to be in the page.
So we are expecting a screen query by text and the text is this message right here.
It's not going to be to be in the document.
Then we are going to let's get the username input.
We are going to focus to that one and blur from it.
And let's get the element by label text and the label is username and we are using user events for the
the user events like clicking to the username input here.
Then we are going to blur it and for that one we can use user events tab functionality like hitting
the tab or keyword to focus to the next element in that page so we can use this one.
And then we are going to check this one once again.
But this time the message will be visible.
And for the next test, we will repeat the steps once again.
Just copying these four lines.
And in this one the message will be username must be at least four characters long.
Now we are going to enter value to this user inputs and we are going to do it by user event type to
this user name input and the value will be 1 to 3.
And then again, we can use this tab to focus somewhere else and also copying the aspect part.
And that's it.
Let's save this one.
And here is the artists are passing.